# SFB Companion REACT APP (WIP)
This is an update to my original "Single Page Application" Damage Allocation App that I created using just a single HTML file with some JavaScript. After creating that app I saw potential features that I wished to add, however I found it a cumbersome and daunting undertaking using my own "SPA". Since there are much better ways to approach this using an actual SPA framework over my own goofy "SPA", I decided to move forward with a REACT version since it actually makes sense to utilize a more robust framework.
## What does this do?
This new app allows the user to add players and players may have multiple ships. The game session itself asks for an attacker, which may consist of any player or an "entity" - for those utilizing space entities (space monster, radiation zone, etc), and a defender. The choices of which can be deselected and reselected. Once all this has been decided, the app asks for the number of internals. Based upon this input a randomly generated list of damaged internals is presented.
### Players
Players are added by use of the Add Player input field. At least two players need to be added to the game before anything more can be done. Each player must have at least one ship. Once enough players are added, the Engage button will appear and thus be able to push on to the next stage of the game.
### Internals
Each internal is displayed and three options presented to the user: NONE, LAST, and NEXT. The last internal to be displayed in the volley will not have the NEXT option, but instead will show a REPORT option since it is the last one of the group.
* NONE: Refers to the fact that there are no more of said internal by that name within that firing arc.
* LAST: Is much like NONE except that there is only one internal by that name within the firing arc.
* NEXT: Means the internal was valid and has been marked off on the SSD by the player. The player is ready to take the next internal.

If there are NONE of an internal, then the system will ignore that result for that roll and move on to the next column of the damage allocation chart (DAC). It will also ignore results of that name should they ever arise as another result. example: If there are no more CARGO, then all CARGO results are ignored and all rolls for that will be moved up to the next entry in the DAC.
The same is said for the LAST option with the exception that the current result will remain as the last result for that. example: if there is one CARGO result left and the LAST option is selected, the CARGO results thereafter will not come up and the next result in line will be chosen automatically.
### Session Report
At the end of a volley or group of internals, the last option on the internal card is the REPORT. This will display the results of the volley giving a breakdown as to how many were done, what the most taken internal was, what was the average roll, etc.
### Game Report
on the player screen there is a link to view the totality of all the sessions and give the breakdown as such. There is a "Score" result on there that is calculated by weapons being worth 3 points, power worth 2 points, and systems worth 1 point. Structure are worth 0. This is in turn displayed as a Score and this divided by the overall number of internals done by the player which gives the efficiency rate. These results are not part of the game, never mentioned by ADB or anyone affiliated with Star Fleet Battles. It is merely a data point that I constructed to deliver a comparison of random performance. It does not reflect tactics or strategy and should not be considered as such. It is merely an arbitrary score that reflects the overall luck or the player.
### Game Save
The game is automatically saved while at the player screen. This means that the session can be picked up again at another time due to timing, lack of internet connection, or whatnot. The save lasts as long as the browser is not cleared of cache. The session itself is saved locally on the browser's indexedDB.